


Draft :  Prastro Analytics Day 1 Backlog

Quick update on prototype: Finally, we are getting closer on getting final approvals to use our prototype/design/framework for virtually any new project. 

I started grouping/categorizing epics for our Prestro Analytics Backlog. I see three large epics: 1) Real Time Analytics, For post analytics 2) Ingest & 3) Export epic. 

Currently not looking into details for Real Time story/epics. Please see attached document. I have a few questions, looking for your business input and geek input. Once I have that, I would like to put my suggestions on that. Hopefully we will find common ground here in no time. After that, I or we will need to discuss this with design authority and app owner, before bringing this backlog collectively to team for development or configuration. 

Please let me know, if I'm missing anything here or I'm off track here on the approach. 


Draft Backlog : Prestro Platform Framework

I will walk through below backlog with Bryant. If you don't have any major concern here, I would like to get this epic or Project setup on Jira "Prestro Platform Framework" with help from Herb. Please let me know or we can discuss this in our 1:1 meeting. This is not on a critical path, as current priority for development team is Legal Hold 1.3 Release Collection / Call Extraction release. I don't see much availability on development team for below backlog. Need more people :-).

1) Docker - Hello Prestro Platform from Docker. 8 PTS
Scope : 
Deploy simple Hello Prestro Platform program on Gaia with Docker, Node, React JS with Typescript.
Please document all the steps on confluence and demo to team for feedback cycle. 
Here is the link of Docker team's story card.
Here are the steps to push Docker image on Gaia.
May need AIM access setup first. 
Contacts 
Developer from Team - Rajesh
Seal Owner - Harry

2) Setup Automation Framework. 5 pts
Scope: Use Testcafe with typescript and Jest. (If you have any other suggestions, let's discuss.) 

Please check in SEAL.If this is not in SEAL, may need to submit request to add or exception.
Please document all the steps on confluence and demo to team for feedback cycle. 

3) Define Project Code Structure. 3 pts
Scope: Here are the suggestions. 

Please document all steps on confluence and demo to team for feedback cycle. 

4) Setup code coverage tool - 5 pts
Scope: Suggestion use Istanbul. (If you have any other suggestions, let's discuss.)
Please document all the steps on confluence and demo to team for feedback cycle. 

5) NPM installation steps - 2 pts
Scope: Here are high level steps

Please document all JPMC internal steps on confluence and demo to team for feedback cycle. 

6) BlueJ framework - 8 pts.. web designer developer?
Scope: Please get deeper understanding of BlueJ framework. 
Please document all the steps on confluence and demo to team for feedback cycle. 

7) Node JS performance testing - 5 pts
Scope: Setup Node JS performance testing framework for Micro-services

8) Setup React and React Router - 5 pts
Scope: Please document all the steps on confluence and demo to team for feedback cycle. 

9) Splunk/Monitor/Health check for Micro-frontend and Micro-services - 3 pts
Scope : Please document all the steps on confluence and demo to team for feedback cycle. 

10) Unit testing framework - 5 pts
Scope: Suggestion use Mocha & Chai. (If you have any other suggestions, let's discuss.)
Please document all the steps on confluence and demo to team for feedback cycle. 

I will be adding more information in scope section. This is draft. There may be about half a dozen more spike cards coming here in the her near future. 

I can get done all this by myself, however, I prefer to do this in collaboration with team. Team will learn more here and embrace the power of new technologies. And, I will be able to spend time on getting Prestro Analytics Backlog ready for development. That will be build on top of this framework or above story cards.



If some of my questions are not directed to you, please ignore and I will not bug you on that again. 

Bryant and I are not in agreement with PO on some of the items currently marked under configuration. Eventually those will move under ingest or export epic / screen. This is 1st draft. As of now, the focus is to get backlog ready as now we have verbal approval on tech stack. 
