History: Shirish after working for 1 decade for Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company and serving in various capacities, moved to JPMorgan Chase & Co. He is on right and very successful track / path with CCB / ECCS. (In Nationwide, he was getting dragged into different path, not into his core strength. He probably could have overcome this challenge, however new / current position came too fast.)

Current: He likes his current team and the current project. Most importantly he honestly, sincerely enjoys his work here and doesn't look at it as work anymore. He is very passionate about his work. Currently he is reporting to excellent manager and structure and that makes him very productive and takes best out of him. That was missed for past several years.
Recently, he has put together excellent framework, based on his past experience and current need. Micro-Frontend with Micro-services. Currently there is minimal technical and political support for this. He thinks he alone can overcome both these challenges with the support from leadership to make this as reality. There are significant cost savings benefits short term and long term with this framework, such making our people naturally t-shaped, reduce development, dev-ops and regression testing ongoing cost, easier to maintain, scale and upgrade front-end/back-end. This is possible with his genuine passion for this with Agile practices. 

Future: His immediate goal is to deliver Praesto Analytics Project with highest quality, with "came here, introduced the right technologies and delivered the project right way on time". His long term career goal is move into Architect role and then into CTO. Getting into door with 602 position, doesn't keep him properly aligned with this immediate and long term goal. This potentially may negatively impact on his productivity and commitment. He rather prefer to stay as consultant and continue pursue on his career path. He knows his career path own by him with support from leadership. 

Shirish is looking for 603 position with $165k+benefits / annum.
